hi so you remember the adventures
without rocky and bullwinkle you without
scoob's himself it's just about Daphne's
looking like Kiersey Clemons and me
Amell Cova and Velma looking like Dora
the explora and Tina I'm not saying that
the movies inherently bad right I'm
always looking for new scooby-doo stuff
and this is coming from your girl Shar
Peis own production company I just don't
know if you can really have a mystery
without the rest of the gang let me
explain so these two are both in high
school and they met online just like you
know everyone else does in 2018 and
davines actually half-black in this
movie which is completely fine now she's
based off of our cartoon all that really
matters is that they have her look like
her and that she's still a spoiled brat
that she is not you know doing that Mary
Jane switch where they couldn't even get
the red hair pretty much she moves into
the same town in school that Velma is
going to because her mom is now meeting
with this big tech dude that everyone
adores this school is run by his
technology which is pretty much like
Facebook stuff it's got stats on every
student's you know the school is rich
because they're janitors they ain't even
look like my cousins and even though
they have so many cameras it's high
school bullying still happens it was
embarrassed to meet Daphne so she starts
treating her like that tenure date you
go on and you pretend like you don't
know him even though you picked the
place thing is Velma's like Ally Sheedy
in The Breakfast Club she doesn't want
to hang out with anybody she purposely
makes herself solo while Daphne is so
spoiled that we figured out her dad
literally follows her everywhere in
order to do things for her you're not
the luckiest girl in the world kiddo
unless you consider me your lucky charm
yeah I mean Arwen that's what you call
privilege I will say that it's pretty
funny how that dad was the one giving
her the fashion sense and that's why she
ends up dressing in these Joker colors I
don't know how to explain to Alma though
so we get to the mystery part of the
movie right which is either that the
school is super expensive and the
campaign light bills well that there's
damn ghosts in this place first the
music prodigy in the beginning of the
movie disappears and we start hearing
her music throughout this smart guy also
gets led down this weird hallway and
starts acting like Of Mice and Men so
when the Steve Jobs of this world makes
an appearance at the school to premiere
his
new tech which is a 3d printer but what
if I told you that this printer was for
food it makes you go wait a minute this
man is stealing these kids ideas this
man's a drink turns out that this dude
is a collector of children he's
literally got him in test tubes he's
updating their socials for them he's
taking away their knowledge and right
when Daphne and Velma are about to
figure out what's going on this ghost
appears who is it's her dad again
floating on a hoverboard because of his
legs stalking his daughter again as it
turns out there's yet another twist
because every screenwriter in 2018 has
been rewatching up up and away and once
again we got kids being hypnotized by
sound waves even more than that they
steal the villain plot line from sky
high where it's a girl who's actually
the villain who's actually a lot older
pretending to be a student she's been
using some random model hologram from
Japan as a disguise they got a lot of
technology but they couldn't search that
up she taps into these kids phones and
starts stealing their ideas that she may
be even faster if they had a dog they
got to check out this video
a very short one like I said I didn't
even know
Tisdale had our own production company I
guess this is one to stream on Netflix
ABC Family I don't know they change the
name free form whatever it's called it's
okay it's not as bad as people were
gonna make it out to be but it's also
like no no nothing special it ends on a
little cliffhanger where they just got
another mystery to solve
looks like the cyberchase dude but it's
it's not much I'm curious to know your
thoughts down below however if you know
I saved you money for munching this bad
boy or if there's any ones that you want
me to cover let me know comment and
subscribe and I will send you a Scooby
Snack